Xiaoya still remembers the first time I saw you
You're wearing a little pink dress
Very beautiful.
And playful like an elf
I was immediately attracted to you
I can't help but want to be close to you
But then we hurt each other because of a misunderstanding.
I just came up with such a stupid way
Keep you by my side
Xiaoya
About your mother
It's all my fault
Sorry.
I will definitely compensate you in the future.
Go don't say anymore
Xiaoya, listen to me
Shanshan
I don't care if you did it or not
I won't pursue it anymore from today
Can we have a good life in the future?
It's too late.
What do you mean it's too late?
I put something on my lip.
Xiao Yang, I love you so much
Why would you do that?
It's You
You killed my mother
I want you to be buried with him
Ah!
It's all over now.